Update GOVERNANCE.md (#18)
resbazaz/organization: GOVERNANCE.md

## Governance

> ***TODO: this is wrong!!!***

Reviewer: this is wrong!

Author: @lossanna raised a really good point IRL: "are we elected?"

Reviewer 2: No. As far as I can recall there have never been elections.  @bjoyce3?

Reviewer 2: Which is not to say there _shouldn't_ be elections.

> ***TODO: this is wrong!!!***

Author: Anyone have any ideas for how to revise this? I don't think the "board of directors" should exist, or make all the decisions

Reviewer: agreed.

> ResBaz is governed by a small group of volunteers who are elected by the community. The board of directors is responsible for setting the overall direction of ResBaz and ensuring that it is managed in a responsible and transparent manner.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
ResBaz is governed by a small group of volunteers (the "steering committee") who are elected by the community. The steering committee is responsible for setting the overall direction of ResBaz and ensuring that it is managed in a responsible and transparent manner.
```

Author: @val-pf, @hidyverse, @lossanna, @julianpistorius: any thoughts on this wording change?
